Chaturbate-registration-bot v0.0.9
----------------------------------

#This bot performs following tasks:

1. Random credentials generation.
 - Username
 - Password
 - Email
 - Birthday
 - Gender

2. Saving the generated credentials to DB.
 - Compatible with PostgresSQL for storing the random generated credentials

3. Using the generated credentials to create accounts on chaturbate.com 


# For automating Google re-captcha solving:
- Site:`https://anti-captcha.com/`
- Documentation:`https://github.com/ad-m/python-anticaptcha`

# For proxies
- Site `http://spys.one/free-proxy-list/`


# How to Run Guide
------------------

Dependencies
------------
  - Python3
  - PostgreSql Database
  - Webdriver for firefox required to run the code. Checkout `http://selenium-python.readthedocs.io/installation.html` for detailed documentation on how to install the appropriate web driver, Firefox in this case.
  - Check requirements.txt for the list of all the required dependencies.

Steps to run
------------
1. Install all the dependencies using the following command:
`pip3 install -r requirements.txt`

2. Import dbexport.sql file to Postgresql-DB

3. Update DB settings inside db_helpers.py, update host, user, password, dbname and users_table (near line 6). 

3. Run the script

3.1 Run Xvfb in the background and specify a display number 
- Xvfb :10 -ac &

3.2 Set the DISPLAY variable to the number you chose
- export DISPLAY=:10

3.3 Run the script
`python3 scrape.py`

4. To force quit, hit Ctrl + C 

5. Happy registering with the BOT.


INSTRUCTIONS FOR BOT DEPLOYED ON VPS
------------------------------------
Details:
Creds- 
IP Address: 159.65.111.97
Username: root
Password: QazWsxEdc!23
(Since it was the first login, had to change the password, plz update)

Notes:
#1 Postgresql DB is used to save users details.
#2 Postgresql creds
  - database: chaturbate-registration-bot
  - user: postgres
  - password: password123
#3 DB can be accessed online, using following URL
  - http://159.65.111.97/phppgadmin/
  - Creds: user: postgres password: password123
#4 Bot details:
  - Dir: /var/www/python/
  - Have configured virtualenv inside /var/www/python/python-random-registration/venv
  - Virtualenv would mean, that to run the bot following 2 commands need to be executed in order:
    i) cd /var/www/python/python-random-registration
    ii) source venv/bin/activate
    iii) python3 scrape.py

Additional Information
----------------------
1. A log file `usage.log` is generated by the tool for debugging. Useful for debugging.
2. Incase of any issues/bugs, `usage.log` shall be referred to.
3. The proxies i.e. ip and port are read `http://spys.one/free-proxy-list/` website, and the script reads secure (https) available proxies from Tier-1 countries.
4. To control the countries to be used, proxies_scrape.py file can be manipulated. the property `tier_1_countries` contains the list of Tier-1 countries that are used to read proxies. The property `tier_1_countries_all` consists of all the available Tier-1 countries.
5. The Google re-captcha waiting time, i.e. time taken to wait for the recaptcha service is set to 30 seconds. However the service provider `https://anti-captcha.com/` claims around 10-12 seconds for the same. Just to be on the safer side, 30 seconds has been set as the limit.